chore: remove Discord badges, add link to Vaadin Forum (#7216)
vaadin/web-components: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Vaadin Web Components

> *There are many ways to participate to the Vaadin Web Components project. You can ask questions and participate to discussion in [Vaadin Forum](https://vaadin.com/forum/), [fill bug reports](https://github.com/vaadin/web-components/issues/new/choose) and enhancement suggestions and contribute code.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*There are many ways to contribute to the Vaadin Web Components project. You can ask questions and participate in discussions in the [Vaadin Forum](https://vaadin.com/forum/), [create issues](https://github.com/vaadin/web-components/issues/new/choose) to file bug reports and enhancement suggestions, or contribute code.*
```
